Bio

	I am extremely passionate about creating high quality software using Test Driven Development and Software Design Patterns & Principles. 
I have lead several projects at work and college while following best practices and designing clean software architecture. 	
I strive to learn something new every day through online courses, videos, or blog.

I have been steadily growing in experience with multiple programming languages and frameworks such as .NET MVC (C#, Typescript), iPhone development (Swift), 
the Unity game engine (C#), and most recently Android Studio (Java, Kotlin). 

I motivate myself to continue improving and developing my programming skills by following a mantra. "Do more than I did yesterday". 

In my spare time, I enjoy Movies, TV shows, and video games of many different genres, but I always prefer the ones that have thoughtfully written stories, immersive and compelling experiences, 
and phenomenal soundtracks.

Test Drivent Development
Software Architecture
Code Quality
Design Patterns
Best Practices
S.O.L.I.D Principles
Clean Architecture


Resume Development

Notes: add descriptions of what the project is for Imalogix and Overcoming MS

Software Developer - Imalogix
Spearheaded project to create a .net web application, utilizing their mvc framework, while structuring the project with clean architecture, and practicing test driven development.
Acted as scrum master to drive an iterave approach to development, encouraging finding smaller units of work to promote continuous positive feedback and production ready software.
Collaborated with a consultent to add a SAML Single Sign On feature using a third party c# library, so that it was implemented the right way given no member of the team had experience in that area.

Co-Lead Programmer on CS Senior Design Project - Overcoming MS
Lead the development of an iOS mobile application using xcode and written in swift, with focus on reusable UI components, and well documented system architecture.
Collaborated with a research team that responsible for conducting client interviews to validate requirements, and a UI/UX team for designing wireframes and user control flows.
Presented the technical innovation of the application in the final group presentation that was judged in the Final Four competition across the entire CS college, and won 1st place.

Lead Programmer on Game Workshop Project - Finisher
Lead the development side of a third person action action game with a human playable character, melee combat, and special "Finisher" system.
Implemented most of the Architecture and gameplay elements such as the Finisher system, individual and group enemy AI, and basic player and enemy combat functions.
Collaborated with programmers, artists, and game designers to combine all pull requests, assets, and balance changes into source control.